README.md, before:

# ASPNETCore and React practice 
A practice with the new open source framework by microsoft ASP .Net Core Web Application and front end with React.js

With this repo I want to make a functional and good webapp, and understand how implement ASP.NET Core web applications, and also get some experience with react.

Some of those goals are listed bellow:

Step 1
- [X] Develop one basic Web API to be consumed by front end as an example
- [ ] Consume that basic web API in the front end with react

Step 2
- [ ] Implement Unity Tests for the CRUD services, to use TDD practice
- [ ] Implement IMDB (in memory database) with the Entity framework
- [ ] Develop a REST Api and make a CRUD example consuming with Postman (https://www.getpostman.com/)

Step 3
- [ ] Develop the Unity Tests for the react CRUD _things_ (idk the name yet)
- [ ] Develop the screens to make that CRUD works using React and some HTML and CSS things

Step 4
- [ ] Be proud

---
# Configuration

Here is the configuration to run the project.

### React
Installing react:

- `npm init`
- `npm install --save react react-dom`

---

References used throughout the implementation of this challenge:
- https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html
- https://reactjs.org/docs/installation.html#adding-react-to-an-existing-application
- Serving and understand static files on ASP.NET Core https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/static-files

Commit message:

Changing README file to describe what is done so far, and the NuGet dependencies that are referenced on the project.

README.md, after:

# ASPNETCore and React practice 
A practice with the new open source framework by microsoft ASP .Net Core Web Application and front end with React.js

With this repo I want to make a functional and good webapp, and understand how implement ASP.NET Core web applications, and also get some experience with react.

Some of those goals are listed bellow:

Step 1
- [X] Develop one basic Web API to be consumed by front end as an example
- [X] React is on the project and working
- [ ] Consume that basic web API in the front end with react

Step 1.1
- [ ] Generate a version to you fork and challenge yourself (yeah, you, if you want)

Step 2
- [ ] Implement Unity Tests for the CRUD services, to use TDD practice
- [ ] Implement IMDB (in memory database) with the Entity framework
- [ ] Develop a REST Api and make a CRUD example consuming with Postman (https://www.getpostman.com/)

Step 3
- [ ] Develop the Unity Tests for the react CRUD _things_ (idk the name yet)
- [ ] Develop the screens to make that CRUD works using React and some HTML and CSS things

Step 4
- [ ] Be proud

---
# Configuration

There is no configuration needed so far. 

## What is used so far (NuGet):
- Microsoft.NETCore.App, 2.0.0
- Microsoft.AspNetCore.All, 2.0.3
- Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticFiles, 2.0.3
- Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Design, 2.0.0
- React.AspNet, 3.2.0

---

References used throughout the implementation of this challenge:
- React tutorial https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html
- Serving and understand static files on ASP.NET Core https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/static-files
- Using ReactJS.Net https://reactjs.net/getting-started/tutorial.html
